All right, so your script is coming along, so let's get a new one going here.
We want trap.sh and we're going to make a--
parse_args.sh script, so edit that.
So you're already your script already does a little bit of parsing for options and flags using these
little 'expr' commands. If you wanted to add other flags to your script, you can there's a program
called getopts--Get Options--and it utilizes some loops
that I'm going to show you in the next section
So for now, I'll just write it out and then you can see it how it works and then I'll cover how those
loops are actually working.
So you can do 'while getopts' and you know, you can add whatever flags you want in here.
So maybe there's a, 'b' and an 'e'
'opt do' and I like to hit 'done' right away.
And now we're going to add a 'case' statement.
There's a variable right there, 'opt', and kind of like the 'if' statement, you have to close the case
statement with the 'esac'--case backwards. And then inside you do something for 'b' and something for 'e',
and then you can use '*' as like a default.
So here we put our 'usage' and you end these lines with a double semicolon.
So if they don't pass one of these options, it's it's just going to show the usage so they know how
to use the program properly.
So here we can just say--we can use our little function and go
'-b flag passed', then the double semicolons.
'-e flag' [typing]
double (semi) colon.
So that should be good.
Let's do 'parse_args.sh -b'
[To self] Oops for 'in'
-b flagged and now it's sleeping.
I can hit my Control+C there, passing '-e'--recognized my '-e flag'
If I don't pass anything, that's going to run through the 'sleep'.  If pass it a flag
it doesn't know,
'-g'
It's going to show you your usage.
So that's a nice little way to parse the arguments and options.